Description:
  A _Simulation_ of the traffic patterns of many different _Cars_ on a _Road_.
  The simulation should determine the optimal speed limit for the road
  with given cars.
  In hard mode, the cars may have more complex behavior, and the road
  conditions vary at different points

Assumptions
  Drivers want to go up to 120 km/hr.
  The average car is 5 meters long.
  Drivers want at least a number of meters equal to their speed in meters/second between them and the next car.
  Drivers will accelerate 2 m/s up to their desired speed as long as they have room to do so.
  If another car is too close, drivers will match that car's speed until they have room again.
  If a driver would hit another car by continuing, they stop.
  Drivers will randomly (10% chance each second) slow by 2 m/s.
  This section of road is one lane going one way.
  *Position of car is recorded as the front of the car, so the back is 1 car length in -x dir
  *Cars move in the +x direction
  *Units are m, km/h, and seconds
  *Set initial speed to half the desired speed, evenly spaced

Responsibilities:
  Car:
    Must know about car in front's current position and speed
    Created with an accel rate, desired speed, size, min spacing,
      slowing chance, length (assume 5m for now), position
    At each time step, make decision whether to speed up, slow down, or stop,
      based on leading car's current position/speed, self's desired following distance,
      and self's current speed, desired speed, and slowing chance, and road conditions
      THEN update position with new speed, etc
    Car stops if continuing will cause a collision (collisions not modeled)
    Ask the Road current road condition
    Ask the Road if current position is valid or has to turn over

  Road:
    Tells the car the current conditions at its position when asked
    Tells the car if it needs to reset the x position

  Simulation:
    Is passed in a set of cars X and a roadX
    Advances the step count and polls each car's position, and
      reports the next car's position to each car
    Saves position of each car into a time x road position numpy array
    Returns the numpy array after the appropriate number of steps
